Yeah, again with somewhat mixed feelings, I think.
I didn't know enough about the facts, I suppose, to make a complete judgement.
But it did seem unfair to me that all the pits were being closed down
when a lot of them were not worked out.
You know, in that there was more coal there.
And it was always very sad when you see men losing their jobs, you know,
because, and particularly for some of the Welsh mining areas,
because that had been the culture and the life for such a long time.
And the whole thing was being destroyed by the pit shutting down.
You know, it was a complete change of life.
Generations had worked the pit,
and it was the tradition that fathers, the sons followed fathers.
And this was just blocked, it was stopped, which I found a very hard thing.
What was your opinion of the way the miners were portrayed on television?
I don't think it was particularly an honest portrayal.
No, I think it was a slightly biased one,
in favour of the government and in favour of the cuts.
I might be wrong, but that's my sort of immediate reaction to it.
I think possibly they were, I don't know, perhaps shown to be,
perhaps ignorant or just stupid, but they were nothing of the sort.
They were intelligent, skilful men, whom I have every admiration for,
having actually been down a coal mine myself as a youngster,
and been quite terrified by the whole experience and the thought of working
in conditions like that.
And I think that was a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
very strong thought of working in conditions like that.
I mean, they were terrific men, they were brave and tough,
and the camaraderie between them was something very unusual
and something very precious, I think.
And this was killed off by the closing of the pits.
Was there anything that you saw in the coverage
that changed your attitude towards the strike or towards strikes in general?
The pointlessness of it, because they didn't achieve what they wanted to achieve, because
I had a feeling that all the decisions were a foregone conclusion. To say this, I think
that's often the case with a lot of official decisions, that they talk about consultations
but the decision has already been made.